okay I found my way across the glitch
and what happened was that it turns out
I had to jump over the robot and then
get the are yeah they're stupid if you
ask me but whatever it's just Phineas in
Furman anyway you should have about 53
but I found two more of the the toad the
tokens and I found one right here so
yeah now I got our camp up to sixty and
I think yeah we also rescued asian chick
they didn't see from the hang on I'll
show you then I'll show you the student
to do from over here this is where it's
cages and as you can see there are more
of those things and one of the tokens
over there let's get over there and as
you can see we rescued all the agents
and now for the hard part
getting your rid of these robots without
getting harmed okay stop shooting your
lasers stop shooting yourself that's we
keep all your games and books I don't
I'm sorry if anyone gets a reference you
should know where I got it from and if
you do then you see me because you
probably left your butt off there
nothing and no I am NOT a hater on the
right way guys I love the red ones are
funny anyway go up here and looky here
we go another token now if you want to
check this wall over here well we're
probably this is the wall that has a
yeah it does alright
that is it's now we go up this tube and
I have no clue what I'm saying going but
whatever whatever you had to do it I'm
just going let's go up here and see if
we could find any more secrets like this
and that and this other token we very
very nice wait oh man I was thinking oh
come over at the platform like oh man
please tell me this is not glitch and oh
this part this part very be very very
careful once on an electric shock you
lose a little bit of your help well you
lose one unit of your not put it I
recommend right here me not like that
most slowly it usually it works when
you're having to use the brakes on this
really you've got to be very very
careful
that's it I'm dropping the thing I need
to do my dump my parry signature move
and I didn't use a robot again that's it
okay
don't need to arm again
oh snap sometime I want to use that
we're gonna need that let's get down
here and we got all 100 of these tokens
and now for the grand finale even though
it's being four minutes in this video we
are mean you cleant get an arm and dr.
evil shirts you don't think it would be
that easy to beat my planning for get
him all right meet the alternate
universe Perry again dang it okay it's
good to get was still cutscene crunch
lay there's no idea jumps he goes after
you god I completely took out about that
if I get a game over and I get to show
you I guess you can call it door pies
Perry no no well yeah I guess you could
call it their pies yeah I'll cry not
that smart
okay wait until he's not shooting it in
the I'm sorry that's just this is
actually just me hitting myspace Boston
this is me hitting myspace part a lot
hey my spacebar a lot excuse me not
space board it's not a robot all right
ah come on he's escaping again anyway
that will completed three out of three
agents rescued and all 100 tokens
obtained yeah anyway next and now the
grand finale we're gonna take down low
three in the next episode we'll see you
we'll see you both will be taken down
the last level which is level three hope
you guys enjoyed and well yeah seeing
last episode back